---
title: The first post
desc: A little introduction what this blog is all about.
date: 24.11.2023
index: 1
thumb: ../images/thumbs/topshooter.png
---

# <center> Some thoughts and reasoning </center>

---

First, a little notification. I'm not a regular blog poster or any kind of social media expert.
I even found writing this very first blog post a bit uneasy, at least. So, if you find these posts a bit
"unprofessional" or somewhat clumsy. You know the reason now (and you have also been warned!).

Well, someone might ask, "Why did you start writing a blog then?". The answer to that is somewhat simple.
First, I wanted a place to share the progress of my game. Overall, at some point, if I manage to get this project into the publishing phase, I have to start sharing information for advertising purposes. I actually asked AI (Chat GPT).
"What is a good marketing plan for your game"? Or something like that, and one of the answers was "Start a game development blog."
So here it is! And I would also say that covers the second reason, which is advertising my game for the future by showing how it was made.
I'm a programmer by trade, not a social media influencer, but because now I'm "a one-man indie game studio," I have to start doing this advertising or "marketing" thing too.

One thing is, however, concerning my mind: what if this blog starts taking time from the actual development work? And it actually has done that already, so even before I manage to start this blog posting thing, I'm a bit worried. But let's see how this goes.
So if there is some time between the posts, don't worry; I probably only focus more on the development work, and I might post one bigger blog post later on.
However, I'll try to post at least one blog post per month. At least for now.

The second post will cover the project a bit more. This first one is just for "getting used to" this blog writing and getting the first post out.

I hope you enjoy the future posts and stay tuned!

Welcome, and thanks for joining this journey with me.

_-Teemu, TheAspen_
