---
title: Fixing up concept
desc: Updating the main concept of the game. Some concept arts and thoughts of the current events.
date: 06.10.2024
index: 11
thumb: ../images/thumbs/tenth.png
---

# <center>Concept changes</center>

##

For some time, the whole concept of the game has been a bit lost, or at least somewhat hard to describe. First, it was a wave-by-wave survival game with power-ups and different weapons. Well, nothing hard to understand there, but the whole game felt a bit boring. Huge waves of enemies were fun for a short time, but in the long run, it started to feel a bit boring.

I have a story mode in my mind where the player could adventure around the space. Story mode could give many opportunities for designing different types of scenarios for the game, but that might be too much work.

So, I have designed this new concept around the wave mode, but adding some twists into it.

The groundwork for the concept change is ongoing and probably will be ready in this month.

## Concept arts

Here is the very first version of the base, or at least part of it.

I also drawn a concept for the updating center. So the player spaceship will be docked on the bay here, and the player can browse the updates for weapons or new power-ups. This one is fully background art and will not be part of the gameplay.

## Godot and its community

I'm not going to make a huge statement about the recent events in the Godot community, but I understand people who are full of the Godot and its officials right now. I do not follow so much what is happening on the social media platforms, and I actually heard this first from a friend of mine.
So, this kind of madness does not affect my work or actions that much, and I'm just doing games with the Godot, and for now that is the way I'll go on. I'm going to follow the Redot project with great interest, and I wish them good luck. (Btw, their logo looks a way cooler than Godot's original!)

I already thanked the community forums for voting this project to the featured projects showcase in the X. But I'd like to thank them again here too! That really made my day when I reorganized this whole thing and really gave me a boost for working on the project.
So, thank you!

## It's almost Halloween.

I think that's all for now. I'm maybe a bit early, but happy Halloween to everyone!

_Teemu, TheAspen_
