---
title: Alpha
desc: The very first Alpha version of the Enfora Star is starting to come together! Player can link with turrets and some thoughts about social media marketing.
date: 06.12.2024
index: 13
thumb: ../images/thumbs/post12_thumb.png
---

## Alpha is out!

For a long time I have been working on the "under the hood"- stuff most of the time, but now I can finally say the main core of the Enfora Star is finally done.
Player movement, shooting, power-ups, shop, turrets, enemies and main visual elements are now in place.

I can now focus more adding new enemies, abilities or weapons to the game. Which are very needed for keeping the gameplay exiting and enjoyable.

(Video here)

## New ability: Link with turret

Player can now link with turrets and take control it. This also boost the turret to the level 3, so player has additional way to get level 3 (red) weapons in use. After walls are added, this is ability is more efficient.

(Video here)

## Enemies got some new features too!

Red robot has now a "big brother" which will spawn mines when they are attacking on player. In numbers these might cause a problem.

(Picture)
(Gif)

Blue enemy has a special ability to block bullets and shock player. Shock ability is not yet fully functional, but it is coming up nicely.
(Gif)

## Social media

I have said I'm not a social media expert and I somewhat don't even like to post things in social media platforms.
But, I have post some development content on X and Reddit and got some good feedback there too, but still it feels a bit overwhelming.
I do not know how someones has so much time to post tweets or videos, I struggle even with a simple gifs.

I know it is kind of necessary to do self-marketing in social media platforms for indie developer to get any attention, but still, not a big fan of it.
I have some issues even to get any response from Reddit. I do not know how it is possible, but I have manage to do it couple of times. Or, this is a very normal case in Reddit, who knows?

If you want to check my posts, find the links to my accounts from this page footer!

## What's next, a playable demo?

I have plans to get a playable demo out somewhere (probably on Itch.io) and gather more feedback with it. I do not know when this is going to happen, but I'll will inform it when it is available.

It was a good thing to get Alpha 1.0 out and get some feedback. Now is time to get playable Alpha for anyone whom want to try it and get more feedback by it.

These was my thoughts and report on this time.

Thanks!

_Teemu, TheAspen_
