---
title: The Plan 
desc: Working to get playable demo out. 
date: 04.01.2025
index: 14
thumb: ../images/thumbs/post13_thumb.png
---

## Short-term plan

So the year has changed, and thats that. The project is not yet near its completion so the progress is must keep ongoing.
I think it is a good idea to start year with clear battle plan, and right now it is to get playable demo out.

I said in the last post I might go with Itch.io, but I have give this a good thought and Steam would be a better option.
The game will be published in Steam in the end, but this playable demo would give a bit more visibility right away.
Steam might have a bit more byrocracy, but that is only negative thing I have figured out.
And one other thing too, is Steam a good place to gather Alpha gameplay feedback?

## And when the demo is out?

I have created a list of necessary tasks and fixes which needs to be done before the demo can be released and there is work for the month at least.

Some new weapons, like the wave gun (shown below!) will not be part of the demo. I think I'll go with the basic weapons, because the sprite drawing and finalizing takes some time from me. 

So, maybe on the next month?

## How is the work going?

I added a new weapon to the game. I call it Wave gun. It slows down enemies and does not stop on collision.
Damage is not that great, but the hit area of its ammo is larger than usual.

[Wavegun gif]

I also read some feedback which I got and added a hexagon background to the level. It worked out well and gives somem feedback of the player movement.

[Hexagon gif]

Minor tweaks are also done the UI/HUD:
- Player HP is now colored and the color will change when the player gets hitted. Full hp is obviosly greenand low hp is red.
- Minimap enemies are bit larger and the screen "hover-effect" is not so bright anymore.
- Button focus effect is now more brighter so with gamepad the focus is seen much clearer.



## 

I'll try to be more active in X platform during this year. 



