---
title: Steam pages are opened!
desc: Finally it's there! Enfora Star's official Steam pages are done, and the playable alpha is also available! Some thoughts of this and the future.
date: 05.04.2025
index: 17
thumb: ../images/thumbs/post17_thumb.png
---

## The project is on Steam!

When I pressed the publish button for Enfora Star's Steam page it felt a somewhat surrealistic. I have just published my very first Steam pages. Over a year I have been working on this prototype, but now it is finally starting to take a shape like a real game. At least, now it feels like it is a real game, when it is on Steam. Alas, it was only the store page and one week later the playable Alpha, but still, this was a huge milestone for myself.

I'm not going to list all problems I encountered during the process to get Steam pages up, but I'll say this again: If you are first timer, take a good month with this and create your capsule images before!
I struggeled a bit the page building process and the same time I was working with the capsule images and also debugging the project. (And yes, I also have a day job.. )
It was.. somewhat overhelming.

But, in the end Steam provides very good introduction to everything, you just have to look deep enough whatever you are doing. The help might not be found from the first page you visit.

## So, the Alpha is out? But, how is the feedback?

Yes, the playable Alpha version of the Enfora Star is finally out, and I'm already trying to gather some feedback and plan fixes from them. Well, it seems like gathering feedback from people is not that easy as I thought, and I really have some difficulties to get any feedback at all. I usually get one or two comments here and there, but huge amount of positive neither negative input I haven't yet received. Which is a bit shame, because the feedback is really crucial for me that I know what I need to fix in the game.

I'm not sure should I create a Discord channel or so? I just think that wouldn't make any difference. But, even one feedback is something to work on and I'm trying to get more people to play this game all the time. This just make me think; if people are not interested to play this game, is the game too boring or hard to get into?

## Job not done yet

While I'm trying to get people to test this I'm working on the new enemies for the game. I have also done some background music whick you might here on the possible videos I have plans to make, but let's not ruin all surprises. ;)

For now orange and pink have got "bigger brothers and sisters", but probably all of them will get one too.
Here is the orange's V2 for a reference:

-image-

Of course, bug fixes and new bugs are done on the way too.

_Teemu, TheAspen_
