---
title: Steam pages are released!
desc: Finally it's there! Enfora Star's official Steam pages are done, and the playable alpha is also available! Some thoughts on this and the future.
date: 08.05.2025
index: 18
thumb: ../images/thumbs/post17_thumb.png
---

## Beta is starting to shape up!

Yet there is plenty of work to be done, I think the Beta version of Enfora Star has started nicely.
Most of the time I have been working on with new enemies for the game, but there are few others areas too to mention.

## Steam SDK

I have never work with Steam SDK before, and it was kind of "black box" for me at the start.
I really like to get Steam achievements included into the game, and in my mind, they are a must in these days.

So where to start? Luckily there is a web page called https://godotsteam.com/ which was also mention in the official Steam pages, what can help me with this.
There are guides how to build your own editor with Steam SDK, but also links to the pre-made builds which can communicate right away with the Steam API.
I decided to build my own editor version from the source, and now I should be able to use Steam API through that.
I don't have tested it is it fully functional, but at least it built and started just fine.

## Droid hordes are expanding

I have already mention that orange and pink droid got them advanced counter parts, but maybe I could go into some details of them.

Orange V2:

- Shoots missiles randomly around itself
- Marks the missile landing area first, and after few seconds launches the missile
- Very powerful and medium size blast zone.
- Slow, but very tanky.

Pink V2:

- Spawns pink v1 droids when nearby.
- Spawn rate will increase over time.
- Very dangerous if numbered and not destroyed immidietly.

Yellow V2:

- Uses dash when nearby player.
- Huge collision damage, and kickback, if hit with the dash.
- Fastest enemy in the game.

## Many platforms to update

Today I have to update Steam by time to time, so there is just one new platform to keep updated too. :)
I also have tried to keep up in the social media platforms (X and Bluesky), so let's see is this blog just coming to be another "Steam
Development update". But I tried to keep things here in more personal level and more professional level in the Steam posts.

## Work, work and more work

Nothing so specially has no happened during the last month. This is just very generic development work by day by day. The next more big thing is
to actually test the custom Godot editor with Steam SDK and see is it really working as expected. When I get this to work, then I can focus more about the achievements.
And maybe even add the highscore system into the Steam?

Thats all for this time. See ya on next month!

_Teemu, TheAspen_
