---
title: Project introduction
desc: What is Star Defender? The project overall introduction and its progress so far.  
date: 11.02.2024
index: 2
thumb: ../images/thumbs/ngo.png
---

# <center> What is this project? </center>

---

### First, a bit of history

I had to check from my projects version control when the first commit was made to the repository. It was dated to March 27 2021, 
so the project is almost three years old. However this was not mine only project during these couple of years. There was one tabletop/D&D dice roller application and
one horror game prototype, but I might write more about those later on.

I started this project because I felt there was not a simple, casual top-down shooter which you could play when you feel a bit bored and you do not want to play too complex game which needs more concentration. I wanted a wave survival shooter game which you could build walls and turrets for your defences and also upgrage your own weaponry. Very simple concept afterall.

But as I said, I had other projects so this project was on hold over an year and again during autumn of 2023 I decided to start to work with this project again.

### So what is the plan?

The plan today is to create a top-down shooter where enemies come in waves, player can upgrade weapons, buy new ones or find them from the eliminated enemies, pixel-art grapchis, and the game will take place in space. I have conepting a story mode too, but from the first version I had to cut that out.

### The project so far
