---
title: Bring me minions of darkness!
desc: First versions (and probably the final versions) of the basic enemies. Fast movement causes sprites to look blurry.  
date: 09.04.2024
index: 5
thumb: ../images/thumbs/post_1_thumb.png
---

# <center> Add title </center>

---

Pixel drawing is starting too feel bit more fun than I used to. I'm not saying that I'm good at it, but fun it has been!
Let's get straight to  the concepts:

Red enemy

Yellow enemy

Orange enemy

Pink enemy

Blue enemy

Also the player got a new look:

Player

So far planned weapons I got ready, but I might update some animations, so there is still some work to be done. I wont spoil all the fun and the mystery of the game, so I won't publish, at least for now, what the weapons look like.

I think I also should make up the new name for the game. The old one which is a placeholder is starting to stick on my head and the whole name is very generic phrase what so ever. So next time, I will introduce the new name! Let's see what I came up with.

This blog also should get some Spring updates, maybe new a new font?
Anyhow, getting first conepts for basic enemies were a huge win for myself, also the gamepad support is coming up nicely.

The ghosting or blurry effect is worrying me a bit. The high movement speend is the part of the game, but somewhat blurry sprites (at least with my monitor) are very annoing. 
Not sure yet, how to fix that, but lets hope I found a solution for that.
Maybe I need to find a balance between high velocity and the blurrines, we'll see.

Thats all for this time. Happy Spring!

- Teemu, TheAspen